Restructured servicemonitors for easy onboard (#1181)
redhat-appstudio/infra-deployments: components/monitoring/README.md

      

  - If the servicemonitor is for getting other components added to prometheus monitoring
      - create a new file under [components/monitoring/prometheus/base/servicemonitors](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/infra-deployments/blob/main/components/monitoring/prometheus/base/servicemonitors)

>       - Add a sevicemonitor decalration for scraping the intended service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Add a ServiceMonitor along with a ClusterRoleBinding to scrape the intended service
```

Author: done
